AWS S3 integration docs (#654)
RoadieHQ/marketing-site: content/docs/details/accessing-aws-resources/index.md

---

> title: Accessing AWS Services

Reviewer: This page doesn't seem to have an entry in the sidebar. You likely need to update `docs-nav.yaml`.

![Screenshot 2022-03-29 at 16 28 02](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/562403/160648145-1b1a218c-7115-4db6-b406-f2ca0216ff42.png)

publishedDate: '2022-03-23T14:00:00.0Z'
description: How to configure permissions so that Roadie can access AWS resources in your account.
---
## Prerequisites

* The Roadie account ID.
* The Roadie backend role.

> * (optional) An aws permissions policy name to associate with the role. 

Reviewer: Should we not explain where to get these things? People might land on this page out of context.

Author: I added a pointer to the settings page where they can get these.

9. For the ”Role description” enter a description such as:

```
This is a role that will be assumed by Roadie to access AWS resources in this account.
```

10. It should look like this

![role-confirmation](./role-confirmation.png)

11. Click ”Create role”. Your cross federation role is now created.

## Step 2: Restrict the new role trust relationships to Roadie only

1. Search for IAM in the services box and then click on ”Roles” on the left handside tab.

2. Search for your newly created role (e.g. ”roadie-read-only-role”) and click on it.

You should see a page like this

![role-page](./role-page.png)

3. Click on ”Trust Relationships”, then ”Edit relationship” and add the text below filling in the values:

``` json
{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Statement": [
    {
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Principal": {
        "AWS": [
          "<ROADIE ACCOUNT ID>"
        ]
      },
      "Action": "sts:AssumeRole",
      "Condition": {
        "StringEquals": {
          "sts:ExternalId": "<EXTERNAL ID AS CONFIGURED ABOVE>"
        },
        "StringLike": {
          "aws:PrincipalArn": [
            "*<ROADIE BACKEND ROLE>*"
          ]
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

> ℹ️ The PrincipalArn might be something like `*mycompany-roadie-read-only-role*`

Reviewer: It's a little close at the moment so I'm adding a second space.

```suggestion
ℹ️  The PrincipalArn might be something like `*mycompany-roadie-read-only-role*`
```

---
title: Accessing AWS Services
publishedDate: '2022-03-23T14:00:00.0Z'
description: How to configure permissions so that Roadie can access AWS resources in your account.
---
## Prerequisites

> * The roadie account ID.

Author: This page is linked to from the kubernetes docs and S3 integration docs which explain how to get the ID. It's a bit awkward that the ID is supplied in the settings pages for integrations which require it (e.g. k8s, s3) rather than somewhere central.

* The roadie backend role.
* (optional) An aws permissions policy name to associate with the role. 

## Introduction

You may want Roadie to be able to access AWS services such as EKS or S3 in your account. In order to do this you must 
provide us with an identity in your account which we can assume. We use roles for this purpose. This document will describe 
how to create such a role.

To learn more about the AWS concepts used below, you can read the following AWS documentation pages:

* [Assuming Role](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/STS/latest/APIReference/API_AssumeRole.html)
* [Cross Account Federation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_common-scenarios_third-party.html)
* [Trust relationship](https://aws.amazon.com/en/blogs/security/how-to-use-trust-policies-with-iam-roles/)

## Step 1: Creating the cross account federation role

1. Sign into your AWS console and navigate to the [IAM service](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home#/home).

> 2. Click on ”Role” link (this should be on the left handside of your screen).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click on ”Role” link (this should be on the left hand side of your screen).
```

3. Click on the ”Create Role” button.

> 4. Click on ”Another AWS Account” and add the account number on on the Kubernetes configuration page (in Roadie) and then click on ”Next: permissions”.

Reviewer 2: Nothing to be done now but we should probably move the account ID to a common page outside of the k8s config docs

Author: yeah, and the role too. Probably it could be added to the integrations page (in roadie)  longer term.

![Another AWS Account](./role-creation.png)

> 5. Click the checkbox beside "Require External ID" and enter some value. Make a note of this value as you'll need it later.

Reviewer: Should it be a long and complex value? Is it effectively a password?

Author: AWS make a point of mentioning they don't treat this value as a secret (it's visible in the role definition). I considered making suggestions along those lines here but AWS don't so I didn't... I can suggest it's a unique value.

6. Attach any desired policies and click on ”Next”.  
   Note: You may not need to add any policies at this stage.
   Optional: Add a tag, Key: `3rdPartyIntegration` Value: `Roadie`

7. Click ”Next”

8. For the ”Role Name” enter: ”<mycompany>-roadie-read-only-role”

> Note: ”<mycompany>” should be replaced by the lower cased value of your company (e.g. "mycompany-roadie-read-only-role") and should follow the convention highlighted above. If it does not follow the convention, the role cannot be assumed. This is for security reasons.

9. For the ”Role description” enter a description such as:

```
This is a role that will be assumed by Roadie to access AWS resources in this account.
```

> 10. 

Reviewer 2: (This is probably handled gracefully by Markdown actually) numbering seems off here

> 10. 

Reviewer: Empty step?

11. It should look like this

![role-confirmation](./role-confirmation.png)

10. Click ”Create role”. Your cross federation role is now created.

## Step 2: Restrict the new role trust relationships to Roadie only

1. Search for IAM in the services box and then click on ”Roles” on the left handside tab.

> 2. Search for your newly created role (e.g. ”mycompany-roadie-read-only-role”) and click on it.

Reviewer: If they search for the partial match of `roadie-read-only-role` will it find the same thing? If so, you can say that and make this statement more deterministic and specific.

You should see a page like this

![role-page](./role-page.png)

3. Click on ”Trust Relationships”, then ”Edit relationship” and add the text below filling in the values:

``` json
{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Statement": [
    {
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Principal": {
        "AWS": [
          "<ROADIE ACCOUNT ID>"
        ]
      },
      "Action": "sts:AssumeRole",
      "Condition": {
        "StringEquals": {
          "sts:ExternalId": "<EXTERNAL ID AS CONFIGURED ABOVE>"
        },
        "StringLike": {
          "aws:PrincipalArn": [
            "*<ROADIE BACKEND ROLE>*"
          ]
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

> > Note: The PrincipalArn might be something like `*mycompany-roadie-read-only-role*`

Reviewer: Another good spot for an ℹ️ ?
